planning.md, before:

# WritNote
Programming Style NoteTaking
Concept by Ennis Massey, 6/02/2016

# Possible format

## Formatting

### Headings
Each consequent one could be one heading smaller unless 
specified using html type heading tags (h1, h2, etc.)
example: `//(h1) (Text here)`

### Lists
List are defined as such.
```
listName: [
	'item1',
	'item2',
];
```

### Hyperlinks
Hyperlinks are defined as such.
`"text here".hyperlink("url here"); || "text here".hl("url here");`

### Definitions
In the event that you need to put something like this down:
```
Stick:
	Long, Brown and Sticky,
	Context: Terrible Jokes
```

Use this syntax.

```
//(d)"Stick":{
	"Long, Brown and Sticky".def(),
	"Terrible Jokes".ctext(),
};
```

### Step-by-step
Uses a switch like format to produce instructions to do a task, step-by-step
```
task("name here"){
	step 1:
		"text here",
		"more text",
	step 2:
		"some other text",
		"MOAR TEXT",
}
```

`"<text here>"` = text

Additional Properties could be specified as such

`"<text here>".b();` = **bold text**

`"<text here>".i();` = *italics*

`"<text here>".u();` = <u>underlined</u>

`"<text here>".Ss();` = <sup>superscript<sup>

`"<text here>".ss();` = <sub>subscript<sub>

*This file was generated by hand on 20/2/2016 by Crispin Hitchings-Anstice*

Commit message:

Added a note stating that github is wrong with their markdown notes.

planning.md, after:

# WritNote
Programming Style NoteTaking
Concept by Ennis Massey, 6/02/2016

# Possible format

## Formatting

### Headings
Each consequent one could be one heading smaller unless 
specified using html type heading tags (h1, h2, etc.)
example: `//(h1) (Text here)`

### Lists
List are defined as such.
```
listName: [
	'item1',
	'item2',
];
```

### Hyperlinks
Hyperlinks are defined as such.
`"text here".hyperlink("url here"); || "text here".hl("url here");`

### Definitions
In the event that you need to put something like this down:
```
Stick:
	Long, Brown and Sticky,
	Context: Terrible Jokes
```

Use this syntax.

```
//(d)"Stick":{
	"Long, Brown and Sticky".def(),
	"Terrible Jokes".ctext(),
};
```

### Step-by-step
Uses a switch like format to produce instructions to do a task, step-by-step
```
task("name here"){
	step 1:
		"text here",
		"more text",
	step 2:
		"some other text",
		"MOAR TEXT",
}
```

`"<text here>"` = text

Additional Properties could be specified as such

`"<text here>".b();` = **bold text**

`"<text here>".i();` = *italics*

`"<text here>".u();` = <u>underlined<u>
*editor's note, this dosen't work on Github Markdown.'*

`"<text here>".Ss();` = <sup>superscript<sup>

`"<text here>".ss();` = <sub>subscript<sub>

*This file was generated by hand on 20/2/2016 by Crispin Hitchings-Anstice*
